To install and create django and django project.

STEP1: firstly you need to install python in your system. if you alreaady installed python ignore this step.

    "  pip install python  "

STEP2: You need to install virtualenv first. if you already installed virtualevn ignore this step.

    "   pip install virtualenv  "

STEP3: Now, You need to create a folder using virtualenv 

    "  virtualenv filename   "   you can give any name you want in place of filename.

STEP4: Now , open filename (perviously created filename). then open scripts ( scripts file is created by virutalenv at step2 )

    "  cd filename " then " cd scripts "

STEP5: Now,YOu need to activate env in your project file.

    "  activate "  now you have activated env in your projecfile. 

STEP6: its time to install django in your env.

    " cd.. cd.. "  just use this cammands to go back to your env file. then 
 
    " pip install django  " . you need to install django in your projectfile if you installed it in your system that does't work here.

    thats why you need to install django in your projectfile env .


STEP7: time to create your first project in django. 
  
    "  django-admin startproject projectname "  you can any name according to your project related name in place of projectname.


STEP8: Check that you have install it correctly or not . TO check you need to run|execute your project.

    "  python manage.py runserver " Remember this you need to check your server frequently if its running fine or not.

     you will get a ip address just copy and paste it in your browser(MicrosoftEdge,GoogleChrome,Opera).

     Any brower as your requirment and availability.

     now , you have successfully installed django  and django project. 

NOTE: THIS IS ONLY INSTALLATION PROCESS. AND TO CREATE DJANGO PROJECT NAME. THIS IS BASIC REQUIRMENTS TO INSTALL AND CREATE PROJECT.
      ALL THE BEST TO YOUR FUTURE AND CONGRATULATIONS IN ADVANCE.
   





 